Created a Contacting Support and Software Install page for Polaris (#553)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/polaris/contacting-support.md

* All job IDs of the failures
* Your `qsub` submission script if you're submitting a batch job, or your full `qsub` command if you're submitting an interactive job
* A list of all modules loaded while running your job. Please provide the list via the `module list` command and **NOT** a list of your `module load <module>` commands
* The `*.e` (error) and `*.o` (output) files from at least one of your job failures
* Any errors displayed on the command line

***NOTE: Support does not have access to your home directory or your project directory. 
Please do not include directory paths as a means for Support to access your submission script. It must be attached to the ticket.***

### Python Issues

If you need to open a ticket related to Python please be sure to include the following in your email to support:
* Your `qsub` submission script
* Which base conda module and environment you are using
* The output from `module list`
* Whether you have extended the base environment via `venv`, `conda clone`, etc.
* Have you installed any new packages, or removed existing ones? If so, please include your script and commands necessary to recreate the issue

> * Whether you're attempting to run on a log in node or a compute node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whether you're attempting to run on a login node or a compute node
```

By including the above information this will help Support quickly route your ticket to the correct SME, resulting in a quicker resolution.

> ***NOTE: We encourage users to use the pre-installed conda environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note 
We encourage the use of the pre-installed `conda` environment. 
```

> Any custom environments are supported on a best effort basis only.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any custom environments are supported on a best effort basis only.
```

# Support Issues & Software Requests

## Contacting Support

For user support issues or questions, please direct all questions, requests, and feedback to [support@alcf.anl.gov](mailto:support@alcf.anl.gov).

Please be aware there is a list of known issues on Polaris that can be found [here](./known-issues.md).

When contacting support, please include the following information:
* Your ALCF Username
* Your project name
* The system you're on (Polaris, Sophia, etc.)

### Job Failures

If you are having issues running your job, or you job is failing, please include the following in your email to support:
* All job IDs of the failures
* Your `qsub` submission script if you're submitting a batch job, or your full `qsub` command if you're submitting an interactive job
* A list of all modules loaded while running your job. Please provide the list via the `module list` command and **NOT** a list of your `module load <module>` commands
* The `*.e` (error) and `*.o` (output) files from at least one of your job failures
* Any errors displayed on the command line

> ***NOTE: Support does not have access to your home directory or your project directory. 
> Please do not include directory paths as a means for Support to access your submission script. It must be attached to the ticket.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!  note
Support does not have access to your home directory or your project directory. 
Please do not include directory paths as a means for Support to access your submission script. It must be attached to the ticket.***
```

### Python Issues

If you need to open a ticket related to Python please be sure to include the following in your email to support:
* Your `qsub` submission script
* Which base conda module and environment you are using
* The output from `module list`
* Whether you have extended the base environment via `venv`, `conda clone`, etc.
* Have you installed any new packages, or removed existing ones? If so, please include your script and commands necessary to recreate the issue
* Whether you're attempting to run on a login node or a compute node

> By including the above information this will help Support quickly route your ticket to the correct SME, resulting in a quicker resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By including the above information this will help ALCF Support staff quickly route your ticket to the correct subject-matter expert (SME), resulting in a quicker resolution.
```

!!! note 
We encourage the use of the pre-installed `conda` environment. 
Any custom environments are supported on a best effort basis only.

### Installation & Compiling Issues

If you are having issues installing and/or compiling your app, please include the following in your email to support:
* The output from `module list`
* If you are on a log in node or a compute node
* A link to the app you are attempting to install (if possible)
* The full command you're using to compile
* Any other necessary steps Support will need to recreate the issue

## Software Requests

***NOTE: Software install requests can take several months to receive approval before testing and installation. 

> Therefore, it is strongly encourged to attempt to install the app yourself before contacting support for it to be installed system-wide.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is strongly encourged to attempt to install the app yourself before contacting support for it to be installed system-wide.
```
